= RRDtool BASH scripts
These are BASH scripts using RRDtool to generate the following graphs:
* Network interface usage
* Memory usage
* Nginx requests

This data could be useful for monitoring your linode.

Released under the Simplified BSD License, feel free to redistribute or alter.
You're welcome to contribute your own rrdtool bash scripts.

== Crontab example
You could add this to your www-data user's crontab.
 */5 * * * * /bin/bash /var/scripts/network.sh
 */5 * * * * /bin/bash /var/scripts/memory.sh
 */5 * * * * /bin/bash /var/scripts/requests.sh

== Nginx config example
Enables Nginx's status page
 location /status {
   stub_status on;
   access_log off;
   allow 127.0.0.1;
   deny all;
 }

== License
Copyright 2010 Frode Petterson. All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:

1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.

2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY FRODE PETTERSON ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL FRODE PETTERSON OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

The views and conclusions contained in the software and documentation are those of the authors and should not be interpreted as representing official policies, either expressed or implied, of Frode Petterson.
